Welcome back. Hopefully, you had some time to
think about what could be going wrong with our Depth.
In this video, I'll show you how to fix a depth,
so that it logs information to the blockchain.
The problem here comes from a tool that hasn't come up for a bit,
but it's extremely important for allowing users
to make interactions with our blockchain applications.
To write information to the blockchain from our Depth, we'll need MetaMask.
MetaMask can connect to the test and main networks,
but it can also connect to our local blockchain.
Once we get this setup correctly,
we'll have an account connected to our site
that can confirm the transactions we're trying to make.
First, I'll explain each of the errors you might have faced and afterwards,
I hope you get setup correctly.
I'll warn you now, that even after we fix this first error,
there's one more that's going to come up and we'll fix that too.
The reason for not just getting you set up right away correctly,
was that you're going to run into errors like this at some point for yourself.
Doing it perfectly the first time in these videos, sounds great.
But if I don't show you this all now,
you might end up loss later on,
and I'd like to try to help as much as I can.
So, hopefully, you'll learn a lot. Let's get started.
First, I'll explain why there could have been
no error message or the invalid address error message.
Either way, we'll be doing the same thing to fix it,
but what happened at first depends on how your setup with MetaMask right now.
Earlier in the lesson, you were asked to get
some test net coins by logging onto the test network.
If you did, you might still be logged onto that network right now.
In this case, you'll see that there's a number of
transactions here waiting to be confirmed.
If you go to accept these transactions though, they'll fail.
That's because you're connected to the test network and are trying to
verify transactions that are being made on a local blockchain.
In this case, you'll need to change your connection to the local blockchain.
The other possibility, is that you receive the invalid addresser.
This happens because when you're logged out,
the Depth can immediately recognize that there's not
even an account that could verify the transactions,
so those are two different things that could be going on.
In one example, the transaction is sent to
an account that can't confirm it and in another,
the transaction can't be sent at all.
I thought it was worth pointing out both cases in case you run into them for yourselves.
One thing that can get tough with all these new tools,
is juggling the amount of connections to networks that you'll have.
There's a lot of tools linking together,
so keep this in mind when you build your Depths.
To make this work, what you'll need to do,
is connect MetaMask to your local blockchain.
If you haven't already,
create an account now like we went over earlier in the lesson.
If you do have an account,
you can go ahead and login.
Once logged in, you'll need to connect to your local blockchain.
For Ganache CLI, you can connect to local host
8545 and if you're on the graphic interface,
you'll need to use the custom RPC.
After selecting the custom RPC,
you can scroll down and place the graphic interface URL right here.
After hitting save, the connection will show up on your main menu.
Once on this network,
you can now import any of the accounts that are available in your local blockchain.
To do this, grab the private key of any account you want, copy it,
opened MetaMask, click the icon on the top right,
and select Import Account.
Paste in your private key, hit save,
and you now should have an account in MetaMask with 100 ether.
Great. We're getting somewhere.
Another thing that happened that I'll call out for you, is in Remix.
When you switch your meta mask account,
it reloads Remix and kill the contract you deployed.
That's annoying, but MetaMask did that to inject a new Web3 provider into your page.
For our project, we'll need to switch the provider back to Web3 and connect to Ganache,
then redeploy the contract.
From there, copy the address and replace the current address in your code editor.
Don't worry about the ABI though.
Since nothing in the contract changed,
then the ABI will be the same and you can keep the original one.
All right. So, that's the end of all of our problems, for now.
Save your file and everything should hopefully be okay now.
Go back to your site, refresh the browser and set a secret message.
You might see a pop-up come up or maybe just the number appears in your MetaMask image.
Either way, open MetaMask and you'll see your transaction waiting to be confirmed.
It will cause some guests,
but that's fine because it's free.
Hit confirm to see the transaction go through.
Great. I can see it here in Ganache and if everything worked out, you should see it too.
You're all set up to make and confirm as many transaction as you like.
At this point, you're well prepared to set up a connection between Remix,
a Front-end, MetaMask, and Ganache to build and test smart contracts however you like.
You can stop here and be happy.
In terms of setting up an environment that you can build and deploy
Depths locally to see how user interaction would go, this is it.
That said, there's always whom we're thing.
Right now, every time a transaction is confirmed,
you'll get a notification for MetaMask that says you can view this transaction.
If you click that now, you'll find that it can't actually show you any transaction.
What's that? Well, it's because you're on
a local blockchain and Etherscan can't view your local blockchain.
The reason you're getting this message,
is that I didn't yet fulfill the promise I made to you that you'll be able
to deploy to a test or main network at the end of this lesson.
That's going to take some adjustments,
and we'll work on that next.
Remember, you can stick with what you have and
go a long way towards building Depths right now.
But, I promised actual deployments and I don't want to let you down.
So, coming up I'll show you how to deploy it to the test network.